Update README.md (#45)
Automattic/vip-go-skeleton: README.md

## Usage

All the following directories are required and must not be removed:

* `client-mu-plugins`: for always active, global plugins (similar to `mu-plugins`) — see [our documentation](https://wpvip.com/documentation/vip-go/managing-plugins/#installing-to-the-client-mu-plugins-directory) for more information.
* `images`: Store your site's favicons here, per [this documentation](https://wpvip.com/documentation/vip-go/understanding-your-vip-go-codebase/#favicons). All other public-facing images should be uploaded or [imported](https://wpvip.com/documentation/launching-with-vip/content-migration/) to the WordPress dashboard or stored as part of your `/theme/` assets.
* `languages`: For `.po` and `.mo` translation files, which specify the translated strings for the site.
* `plugins`: Your site's plugins — more details [here](https://wpvip.com/documentation/vip-go/managing-plugins/#installing-to-the-plugins%C2%A0directory).

> * `private`: For any files which must not be web-accessible — [more details here](https://wpvip.com/documentation/vip-go/understanding-your-vip-go-codebase/#using-private).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `private`: Provides access to files that are not directly web accessible, but can be accessed by your theme or plugin code — [more details here](https://wpvip.com/documentation/vip-go/understanding-your-vip-go-codebase/#using-private).
```
